From a young age, I enjoyed solving puzzles, logic tasks, and learning new things. Few areas in my academic career have satiated my thirst for understanding as much as computer science has, and I desire to learn more. In pursuing a Masters in computer science, I hope to gain the necessary skills and knowledge to produce realistic renderings and phys based simulations with efficient and modern techniques.
I am seeking a rigorous academic program that will help me gain a deeper understanding of advanced topics such as computer graphics. Professor Bedrich Benes caught my eye with his expertise in the field I wish to specialize in. The course he previously taught on Generative Methods in Computer Graphics has topics that were not available in my undergraduate study, and I would like to learn about them and related topics in depth at Purdue. Professor Bedric Benes and the other outstanding professors at Purdue along with my abilities and drive would make a great match for my graduate studies.
In between my undergraduate semesters, I was an intern for a welding manufacturing company. I spent two summers, as well as my free time, working there. After my second year, they were impressed enough with me to offer me a full time job after graduation. I accepted it and began the next phase of my learning. For the last two years, I have been working on the ITW Welding Public websites as a web developer helping create new tools and features for their websites as well as maintaining/updating the existing ones. One tool I helped create managed and synchronized product information across multiple environments and websites.
My future plans beyond graduate school would be to pursue a career related to computer graphics. One path that interests me would be to work in research at NVidia. A few academic papers I have read from them seek to bridge the gap between graphics and machine learning to efficiently create graphics and visuals based on machine learning rather than the traditional rendering pipeline. Being part of true innovation in the graphics field is exciting, and part of being able to contribute to their projects and processes would be to have a deep understanding and knowledge of computer graphics.
Outside of the classroom and work, I have taken steps to help prepare me for unfamiliar scenarios by developing personal projects. One project I developed was an object relational mapper to allow C++ programs to interact with a sqlite database programmatically. The motivation for this arose from my exposure at work to object relational mappers such as entity framework. Using it so often in my own work, I knew the idea of what they did, and wanted to challenge myself to create my own implementation in a language I am unfamiliar with. 
Pursuing a masters degree in computer science requires intense focus and dedication. I know from my undergraduate studies, my professional history, and my drive for self improvement make me a great candidate for Purdue.